feat: add tips for mobile forms (#7)
natahouse/quality: Mobile-Development-and-React-Native.md

# Mobile Development and React Native

## Forms

Forms are one of the most annoying parts for users, so the more we can turn the experience of filling them out into something good, the less discomfort will be caused. Therefore, some react-native resources used for these purposes will be highlighted.

### Focus on the next input and submit directly from the keyboard

> It is very annoying when we are filling out a form on the cell phone and when we finish a text field we have to scroll down and click on the next one. For this reason, keyboards have a key that can assist in this action. It is that key that is in the lower right corner of the keyboards. For her we can define a function (such as to focus on the next text field or send the form) and even a nomenclature that best suits the situation.

Reviewer: Just some change suggestion for better clarity and to match names used on other parts of the text, but would require the review of more people:

```suggestion
It is very annoying when we are filling out a form on the cell phone and we need to scroll down and select the next input. For this reason, mobile keyboards have a return key to assist in this case. The return key is usually found at the lower right corner of the keyboards and we can pass a function to be executed when it's pressed, such as to focus on the next text field or submit the form. Some platforms even allow you to replace it's label for best suit your use case.
```

**returnKeyType**

Defines a label for the return button, that is, it places the ideal name for the button in the lower corner, mentioned above.
The default values ​​can be:
- `done`
- `go`
- `next`
- `search`
- `send`

*How to use:*

    <TextInput
	    id="name"
	    value={name}
	    onChange={handleOnChange}
	    returnKeyType="next"
    />

*Result:*

Used in text fields to point to the next:

![Used in text fields to point to the next](./assets/mobile-development/button-next.png)

**onSubmitEditing**

Now that you know how to make the return buttons have coherent names, it is necessary to know how to add the functions that will make life easier for users. For this, onSubmitEditing is used, in which you can assign a function to focus on the next text field or submit the form. See the examples:

*How to use:*

    const inputRefLastName = useRef(null)
    
    <TextInput
	    id="firstName"
	    value={firstName}
	    onChange={handleOnChange}
	    returnKeyType="next"
	    onSubmitEditing={() => inputRefLastName.current.focus()}
    />
    <TextInput
	    id="lastName"
	    ref={inputRefLastName}

> 		value={name}

Reviewer: ↹
